1)i'm currently working as a frontend developer at intoto technologies in a contract position.
as my contract is about to finish i'm looking for new jobs in the market.
2)i've been always fond of technologies as a kid.but when i was doing my bacholers ive this 
web technologies as a subject optional which ive enrolled in that's the introduction to web technologies
from then on i've been working for the web development.
3)So lets think the client side rendered page as a Human body . the base i.e skeleton is HTML hyper text Markup
Language it defines the structure of the page.  Css cascading style sheets is the layer that helps the markup looks 
in an attractive way similar to skin in a human body.The functionality of the page such as input feild validations or 
the css and html attributes can be controlled by the javaScript similar to Nervous system.
4)1/4 adults or 25 percent of the people who uses internet in united states have somekind of Disablity.so the main use of internet
is accesbility.so to make sure everyone can use it whenever a page is built the markup itself i.e let's say a button people just use 
a div with a name as a button which can be read by screen readers so this might be the problem to the people who are using screenreaders.
and by the following the ARIA Accessible Rich Internet Applications let's suppose we have a modern website which have a hamburger menu with responsive design 
for screens if ARIA rule.
5)these are the http methods can be used in RESTful Api's. GET,POST,PUT,DELETE.
GET is used to retrive  data from the server.which can either be a resource or server.
POST is used to send data to server to create a new resource,
6)the first thing i would like to do is create the img tags in the markup itself if its the main content and ensure that we use scalable vector graphics
(svg)so that the image file woudnt be that big of sizes.and once the page is loaded the broswer caches the data saves it in cache from that instasnt the browser can
reload fast from the next time.
7)by using Stick to standard and modern HTML and CSS features that are widely supported across modern browsers. Use standard JavaScript (ES6+) and avoid browser-specific features.
 Use media queries to ensure your design works on different screen sizes and resolutions.flexible grid systems and relative units (e.g., percentages, ems, rems) instead of fixed units.
 Use a CSS reset stylesheet (e.g., Eric Meyer’s Reset CSS) to remove default browser styling.Regularly test your site in the major browsers: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, and Internet Explorer.
 Frameworks like React, Angular, and Vue have their mechanisms to deal with browser inconsistencies.
 8)Validate all user inputs on both client-side and server-side to ensure they meet expected formats, lengths, and types. Enforce strong password policies, including complexity requirements and regular password changes.
 Maintain detailed logs of user activity, including login attempts, data access, and changes.Use HTTPS to encrypt data transmitted between the client and server, preventing eavesdropping and man-in-the-middle attacks.
 9)    